README.md, before:

# Stackoverflow-lite
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite.svg?branch=feature)](https://travis-ci.com/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite/badge.svg?branch=feature)](https://coveralls.io/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite?branch=feature)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/661ddfa49e279ba9dba5/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite/maintainability)

This web application allows users to:

1. View a list fo recently asked questions.

2. View a question, it's answers and also add their own answer.

3. Post a question

Registered users will be able to view their profile which will contain:

1. The number of questions they have asked.

2. The number of answers they have given.

3. A list of questions they have asked which have the most answers.

4. A list of recent questions asked by the user.

## Built With
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Flask

### Prerequisites
Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependancies

## Running tests
To run this project's tests using pytest:

> Run `python -m pytest API/tests/test_endpoints.py`

To run test coverage using Coverage:

> Run `python -m pytest --cov=API API/tests`

## Deployment

> You can deploy on Heroku by simply integrating your GitHub repo with Heroku.

## Author
- Bernard Murunga

Commit message:

Update virtual environment commands in ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Stackoverflow-lite
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite.svg?branch=feature)](https://travis-ci.com/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite/badge.svg?branch=feature)](https://coveralls.io/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite?branch=feature)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/661ddfa49e279ba9dba5/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bernard-murunga/stackoverflow-lite/maintainability)

This web application allows users to:

1. View a list fo recently asked questions.

2. View a question, it's answers and also add their own answer.

3. Post a question

Registered users will be able to view their profile which will contain:

1. The number of questions they have asked.

2. The number of answers they have given.

3. A list of questions they have asked which have the most answers.

4. A list of recent questions asked by the user.

## Built With
- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- Flask

### Prerequisites
For macOs/Linux run `python3 -m venv venv` where venv is the name virtual environment folder

For Windows run `py -3 -m venv venv` where venv is the name virtual environment folder

Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependancies

## Running tests
To run this project's tests using pytest:

> Run `python -m pytest API/tests/test_endpoints.py`

To run test coverage using Coverage:

> Run `python -m pytest --cov=API API/tests`

## Deployment

> You can deploy on Heroku by simply integrating your GitHub repo with Heroku.

## Author
- Bernard Murunga
